hi everyone in this video I'm going to
demonstrate how to make latte art or
indeed the local art using only many on
the water and a scene of the alleged mob
Express it's not a true repair as many
copy people argue that a multiple cut
improves who exclusive while for the
moon the only way to get new microphone
pieces to a team one
but for the local term nine kernels on
top of the coffee need simple divided
work and for the coffee wider it simply
for a better taste
using pre-ground coffee can achieve
similar effect
now the milk is hot and we can frost the
milk for making a pattern use on
institutions much air into it if there's
too much air to form it's likely to stay
on top of the coffee resulting a
cappuccino
next we brew the coffee I usually prefer
milk when brewing the coffee to save
time however the milk should be done
before the coffee so Antoinette you for
the coffee
you can add milk from dry afterwards
a key step for the new forum is for some
products leave it for 10 seconds or so
then remove that perform otherwise this
light foam would stay on top of the
coffee and it is impossible to create
any pattern when the new forum and the
coffee are done shake them a bit to get
a better mix the foam should look a bit
like yogurt defuse the visible forms
frothing he would be floating instead of
mix in your coffee as well
once you see visible patterns check the
feature and pour the pattern this one
looks like of an easy hole
now for more traditional which is
believed that often seen in movies
this one is prepared in a shorter time
since I don't need to move the camera or
wrong as the coffee from the Moka pot is
lighter and has less crema compared to
the school expresso from an expresso
machine the pattern is going to be nice
as well
I've also tried the LEDs break apart
which creates more crema but the result
isn't any better than this
thanks for watching